Update charter to include trackers not implementing protocol (#72)
bdetwiler/draft-detecting-unwanted-location-trackers: charter/charter-detecting-unwanted-location-trackers.md

The WG is expected to:

1. Standardize a protocol ("DULT protocol") between tracking accessories and nearby devices, which may:

 * Allow a tracking accessory to identify & advertise its presence when in a detectable mode
 * Allow a nearby device to trigger behavior on an unwanted tracking accessory to aid in determining its physical location
 * Allow nearby devices to fetch additional information about a tracker accessory

2. Specify practices that accessory manufacturers can implement to deter malicious use of tracking accessories and support the implementation of the DULT protocol.

3. Specify guidance for non-owner device platforms necessary to support implementation of the DULT protocol.

> 4. Design mechanisms to ensure that devices that do not correctly implement or adhere to the DULT protocol can be detected and prevented from using crowdsourced location networks.

Reviewer: I think this wants to be:

```suggestion
4. Design mechanisms to ensure that devices that do not correctly implement or adhere to the DULT protocol can be detected and excluded  from being trackable via crowdsourced location networks.
```

Author: +1 thank you

The WG will not standardize an end-to-end platform-based unwanted tracking detection system or define requirements for interactions between accessory manufacturers and law enforcement. In addition, these items are out-of-scope:

>  * Mechanisms for detecting whether a tracking accessory implements the DULT protocol or allowing a tracking accessory to attest that it implements the protocol

Reviewer: I don't understand why this is out of scope.

Author: I think it is in scope, just working on the right wording (and will update in another PR)
